OPENING UP THE WIDEST INVESTIGATION INTO DONALD TRUMP
INVESTIGATION INTO DONALD TRUMP SINCE THE LAUNCH OF THE MUELLER
SINCE THE LAUNCH OF THE MUELLER PROBE.
PROBE. THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE,
THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, WHICH IS ONE OF THE MOST
WHICH IS ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL INVESTIGATIVE BODIES OF
POWERFUL INVESTIGATIVE BODIES OF THE U.S. CONGRESS HAS DROPPED
THE U.S. CONGRESS HAS DROPPED THE HAMMER OFFICIALLY.
THE HAMMER OFFICIALLY. LET ME WALK YOU THROUGH EXACTLY
LET ME WALK YOU THROUGH EXACTLY WHAT’S HAPPENING.
WHAT’S HAPPENING. THEY ARE PUSHING NOW FOR
THEY ARE PUSHING NOW FOR EVIDENCE AND DOCUMENTS FROM 81
EVIDENCE AND DOCUMENTS FROM 81 DIFFERENT PEOPLE, ORGANIZATIONS
DIFFERENT PEOPLE, ORGANIZATIONS AND COMPANIES TIED TO OR WITH
AND COMPANIES TIED TO OR WITH KNOWLEDGE OF THE ACTIVITIES OF
KNOWLEDGE OF THE ACTIVITIES OF DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. THIS TOUCHES ON VIRTUALLY EVERY
THIS TOUCHES ON VIRTUALLY EVERY ASPECT OF HIS LIFE IN PRESIDENCY
ASPECT OF HIS LIFE IN PRESIDENCY AND HIS CONTACTS WITH RUSSIANS.
AND HIS CONTACTS WITH RUSSIANS. THE REQUESTS GO TO DONALD
THE REQUESTS GO TO DONALD TRUMP’S FAMILY, NOT TO HIS
TRUMP’S FAMILY, NOT TO HIS DAUGHTER, TO HIS SONS AND JAIR
DAUGHTER, TO HIS SONS AND JAIR KUSHNER, HIS BUSINESS AND
KUSHNER, HIS BUSINESS AND MEMBERS OF HIS OUTSIDE LEGAL
MEMBERS OF HIS OUTSIDE LEGAL TEAM, IT GO ES TO THE TRUMP
TEAM, IT GO ES TO THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN, INCLUDING EVERY FORMER
CAMPAIGN, INCLUDING EVERY FORMER AIDE ALREADY INDICTED BY BOB
AIDE ALREADY INDICTED BY BOB MUELLER.
MUELLER. THE HOUSE DEMOCRATS ARE ALSO
THE HOUSE DEMOCRATS ARE ALSO LOOKING DIRECTLY INTO THE LIVES
LOOKING DIRECTLY INTO THE LIVES OF WHITE HOUSE STAFFERS, WHAT
OF WHITE HOUSE STAFFERS, WHAT DID THEY DO AT WORK AND WHAT DID
DID THEY DO AT WORK AND WHAT DID THE LAWYERS DO IN THE WHITE
THE LAWYERS DO IN THE WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL’S OFFICE, WHICH
HOUSE COUNSEL’S OFFICE, WHICH HAS LEAKED SO MUCH ABOUT
HAS LEAKED SO MUCH ABOUT POTENTIAL REQUESTS FOR CRIMINAL
POTENTIAL REQUESTS FOR CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES BY THE PRESIDENT,
ACTIVITIES BY THE PRESIDENT, WHETHER HE GOT PEOPLE TO DO IT
WHETHER HE GOT PEOPLE TO DO IT OR NOT.
OR NOT. THEN NEW REQUESTS HERE TO
THEN NEW REQUESTS HERE TO GOVERNMENT AGENCIES LIKE THE DOJ
GOVERNMENT AGENCIES LIKE THE DOJ AND THE FBI, WHICH DONALD TRUMP
AND THE FBI, WHICH DONALD TRUMP HAS IMPUGNED AND ATTACKED AND
HAS IMPUGNED AND ATTACKED AND TABLOID ALLIES TIED TO THE HUSH
TABLOID ALLIES TIED TO THE HUSH MONEY PAYMENT ITSELF TO THE
MONEY PAYMENT ITSELF TO THE WOMEN THAT MICHAEL COHEN WAS
WOMEN THAT MICHAEL COHEN WAS TESTIFYING TO LAST WEEK AND
TESTIFYING TO LAST WEEK AND MULTIPLE PEOPLE TO WikILEAKS AND
MULTIPLE PEOPLE TO WikILEAKS AND A REQUEST TO WikILEAKS, ITSELF,
A REQUEST TO WikILEAKS, ITSELF, AND THE PEOPLE WHO WENT TO THE
AND THE PEOPLE WHO WENT TO THE NOW INFAMOUS TRUMP TOWER
NOW INFAMOUS TRUMP TOWER MEETING.
MEETING. EACH OF THESE PEOPLE THEY HAVE
EACH OF THESE PEOPLE THEY HAVE TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION
TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION BECAUSE OF WHAT IS NOW THIS NEW
BECAUSE OF WHAT IS NOW THIS NEW SWEEPING INVESTIGATION INTO
SWEEPING INVESTIGATION INTO ALLEGED OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE
ALLEGED OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AS WELL AS ALLEGATIONS OF
STATES AS WELL AS ALLEGATIONS OF PUBLIC CORRUPTION AND AN INQUIRY
PUBLIC CORRUPTION AND AN INQUIRY INTO QUOTE OTHER ABUSES OF
INTO QUOTE OTHER ABUSES OF POWER.
POWER. NOW, SOME OF THESE LEADS, OF
NOW, SOME OF THESE LEADS, OF COURSE, AS I MENTIONED, THEY
COURSE, AS I MENTIONED, THEY COME FROM MICHAEL COHEN.
COME FROM MICHAEL COHEN. HE IS ON THE LIST, HIMSELF, 31
HE IS ON THE LIST, HIMSELF, 31 OF THE 81 PEOPLE CONTACTED CAME
OF THE 81 PEOPLE CONTACTED CAME UP IN HIS BLOCKBUSTER HEARING.
UP IN HIS BLOCKBUSTER HEARING. WHILE LOTS OF COMMITTEES ARE
WHILE LOTS OF COMMITTEES ARE INVESTIGATING DONALD TRUMP THE
INVESTIGATING DONALD TRUMP THE JUDICIARY IS THE ONE IN CHARGE
JUDICIARY IS THE ONE IN CHARGE OF ANY POTENTIAL BEGINNING OF
OF ANY POTENTIAL BEGINNING OF THE IMPEACHMENT PROCESS.
THE IMPEACHMENT PROCESS. >> THAT IS WHAT GIVES THIS EXTRA
>> THAT IS WHAT GIVES THIS EXTRA HEFT.
HEFT. THIS IS SOMETHING THAT SHOW WHAT
THIS IS SOMETHING THAT SHOW WHAT IS BOB MUELLER’S WORK COULD MEAN
IS BOB MUELLER’S WORK COULD MEAN IN THE CONTEXT OF WHAT OUR
IN THE CONTEXT OF WHAT OUR CONSTITUTION ALWAYS PROVIDES,
CONSTITUTION ALWAYS PROVIDES, WHICH IS THAT CONGRESS IS THE
WHICH IS THAT CONGRESS IS THE FIRST PLACE TO ADJUDICATE ABUSES
FIRST PLACE TO ADJUDICATE ABUSES OF POWER OR POTENTIAL HIGH
OF POWER OR POTENTIAL HIGH CRIMES BY A SITTING PRESIDENT.
CRIMES BY A SITTING PRESIDENT. CHAIRMAN JERRY NADLER WHO
CHAIRMAN JERRY NADLER WHO STUDIES THESE ISSUES SAYS THIS
STUDIES THESE ISSUES SAYS THIS IS NOT "I" WORD YET.
IS NOT "I" WORD YET. HE ARGUES DONALD TRUMP
HE ARGUES DONALD TRUMP EFFECTIVELY HAS PROVIDED THE
EFFECTIVELY HAS PROVIDED THE EVIDENCE TO SHOW HE’S COMMITTED
EVIDENCE TO SHOW HE’S COMMITTED A CLIMB.
A CLIMB. >> DO YOU THINK THE PRESIDENT
>> DO YOU THINK THE PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE?
OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE? >> YES, I DO.
>> YES, I DO. IF IT IS VERY CLEAR THE
IF IT IS VERY CLEAR THE PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE.
PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE. >> IF THAT’S THE CASE, IS THE
>> IF THAT’S THE CASE, IS THE DECISION TO PURSUE IMPEACHMENT
DECISION TO PURSUE IMPEACHMENT POLITICAL?
POLITICAL? IF YOU BELIEVE HE OBSTRUCTED
IF YOU BELIEVE HE OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE?
JUSTICE? >> NO WE HAVE TO -- WE HAVE TO
>> NO WE HAVE TO -- WE HAVE TO DO THE INVESTIGATIONS AND GET
DO THE INVESTIGATIONS AND GET ALL THIS.
ALL THIS. BEFORE YOU IMPEACH SOMEBODY,
BEFORE YOU IMPEACH SOMEBODY, HAVE YOU AS TO PERSUADE THE
HAVE YOU AS TO PERSUADE THE AMERICAN PUBLIC THAT IT OUGHT TO
AMERICAN PUBLIC THAT IT OUGHT TO HAPPEN.
HAPPEN. >> I AM JOINED BY THE "WALL
>> I AM JOINED BY THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL" SHELBY HOLIDAY,
STREET JOURNAL" SHELBY HOLIDAY, VETERAN PROSECUTOR PAUL
VETERAN PROSECUTOR PAUL HENDERSON AND A WASHINGTON
HENDERSON AND A WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT FOR THE "DAILY
CORRESPONDENT FOR THE "DAILY BEAST."
BEAST." THIS IS CONGRESS.
THIS IS CONGRESS. SO WE’RE GOING TO GET OUT TO HOW
SO WE’RE GOING TO GET OUT TO HOW CONGRESS MAKES THIS KIND OF
CONGRESS MAKES THIS KIND OF INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. STARTING ON THE NARROWER PLANK
STARTING ON THE NARROWER PLANK OF THE ACTUAL LEGAL
OF THE ACTUAL LEGAL IMPLICATIONS, PAUL, WHAT DOES IT
IMPLICATIONS, PAUL, WHAT DOES IT MEAN WHEN THE CHAIRMAN JUDICIARY
MEAN WHEN THE CHAIRMAN JUDICIARY RELEASES A FINDING, A CONCLUSION
RELEASES A FINDING, A CONCLUSION THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS ALREADY
THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS ALREADY COMMITTED THE CRIME OF
COMMITTED THE CRIME OF OBSTRUCTION?
OBSTRUCTION? >> IT CAN MEAN A LET.
>> IT CAN MEAN A LET. LET’S BE CLEAR, THEY ARE LOOKING
LET’S BE CLEAR, THEY ARE LOOKING FOR ACTIONABLE BAD BEHAVIOR AND
FOR ACTIONABLE BAD BEHAVIOR AND ACTIONABLE BAD BEHAVIOR WHAT YOU
ACTIONABLE BAD BEHAVIOR WHAT YOU ALLUDED TO IS THE HIGH CRIMES
ALLUDED TO IS THE HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS.
AND MISDEMEANORS. I KNOW THAT DRIFTS US INTO
I KNOW THAT DRIFTS US INTO IMPEACHMENT.
IMPEACHMENT. WE’RE NOT AT IMPEACHMENT YET.
WE’RE NOT AT IMPEACHMENT YET. WE’RE DEFINITELY ON THE ROAD.
WE’RE DEFINITELY ON THE ROAD. THE CAR IS ON THE ROAD.
THE CAR IS ON THE ROAD. AND THIS IS THE GAS FOR THAT
AND THIS IS THE GAS FOR THAT CAR, THIS INVESTIGATION.
CAR, THIS INVESTIGATION. SO WE ARE LOOKING FOR BAD
SO WE ARE LOOKING FOR BAD BEHAVIOR AND ACTION ITEMS FROM
BEHAVIOR AND ACTION ITEMS FROM THIS PRESIDENT AND WE ALREADY
THIS PRESIDENT AND WE ALREADY KNOW A LOT OF WHAT THEY ARE.
KNOW A LOT OF WHAT THEY ARE. BUT I THINK WHAT STAND OUT TO ME
BUT I THINK WHAT STAND OUT TO ME IS HOW BROAD AND HOW AGGRESSIVE
IS HOW BROAD AND HOW AGGRESSIVE THIS INVESTIGATION IS THAT
THIS INVESTIGATION IS THAT SUPERSEDES AND EXPANDS BEYOND
SUPERSEDES AND EXPANDS BEYOND EVEN WHAT WE’RE GOING TO GET
EVEN WHAT WE’RE GOING TO GET FROM THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION,
FROM THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION, WHEN J EVER THAT COMES OUT.
WHEN J EVER THAT COMES OUT. BUT THAT’S DEFINITELY WHAT THE
BUT THAT’S DEFINITELY WHAT THE GOAL IS TO COVER MORE CRIMES.
GOAL IS TO COVER MORE CRIMES. >> PALM, IF THIS IS A CAR, A LOT
>> PALM, IF THIS IS A CAR, A LOT OOF PEOPLE THOUGHT BOB MUELLER
OOF PEOPLE THOUGHT BOB MUELLER WAS DRIVING IT.
WAS DRIVING IT. THE LAST TIME PEOPLE REMEMBER AN
THE LAST TIME PEOPLE REMEMBER AN IMPEACHMENT PROTECT THE THEN
IMPEACHMENT PROTECT THE THEN PROSECUTOR KEN STARR WAS DRIVING
PROSECUTOR KEN STARR WAS DRIVING IT.
IT. HE PROVIDED A BUNCH OF MATERIAL
HE PROVIDED A BUNCH OF MATERIAL THAT PUSHED CONGRESS IN THAT
THAT PUSHED CONGRESS IN THAT DIRECTION.
DIRECTION. EVERYONE KNEW THE POLITICAL
EVERYONE KNEW THE POLITICAL NATURE OF IT.
NATURE OF IT. THAT’S WHAT THE REPUBLICANS
THAT’S WHAT THE REPUBLICANS WANTED.
WANTED. ARE YOU SUGGESTING JERRY NADLER
ARE YOU SUGGESTING JERRY NADLER IS NOW IN THAT CAR, NOT BOB
IS NOW IN THAT CAR, NOT BOB MUELLER WHO IS OPERATING UNDER
MUELLER WHO IS OPERATING UNDER NARROWER RULES THAN KEN STARR
NARROWER RULES THAN KEN STARR WAS?
WAS? >> I AM SAYING THERE IS MORE
>> I AM SAYING THERE IS MORE THAN ONE CAR, THERE ARE SEVERAL
THAN ONE CAR, THERE ARE SEVERAL INVESTIGATIONS INDEPENDENT OF
INVESTIGATIONS INDEPENDENT OF THIS INVESTIGATION, INDEPENDENT
THIS INVESTIGATION, INDEPENDENT OF MUELLER AS WELL.
OF MUELLER AS WELL. BUT THIS CAR NOW IS VERY
BUT THIS CAR NOW IS VERY AGGRESSIVE AND VERY BROAD AND IS
AGGRESSIVE AND VERY BROAD AND IS GOING TO INCLUDE A LOT OF
GOING TO INCLUDE A LOT OF INVESTIGATIONIVE TOOLS THAT
INVESTIGATIONIVE TOOLS THAT HERETOFORE HAD BEEN LIMITED IN
HERETOFORE HAD BEEN LIMITED IN SCOPE.
SCOPE. AND I THINK THIS CAR IS GOING TO
AND I THINK THIS CAR IS GOING TO PULL IN ALL OF THE OTHER
PULL IN ALL OF THE OTHER INVESTIGATIONS IN A MORE FOCUSED
INVESTIGATIONS IN A MORE FOCUSED AND A MORE NARROW PATHWAY THAT
AND A MORE NARROW PATHWAY THAT GETS US TO RAISING THE QUESTION
GETS US TO RAISING THE QUESTION OF IMIMPEACHMENT, NOT JUST FOR
OF IMIMPEACHMENT, NOT JUST FOR CONGRESS, BUT FOR THE BROADER
CONGRESS, BUT FOR THE BROADER PUBLIC AS WELL AND THEY’RE GOING
PUBLIC AS WELL AND THEY’RE GOING TO TIE IN ALL OF THESE OTHER
TO TIE IN ALL OF THESE OTHER SMALLER INVESTIGATIONS AND WEAVE
SMALLER INVESTIGATIONS AND WEAVE THEM INTO A CONCRETE AND
THEM INTO A CONCRETE AND SPECIFIC NARRATIVE FOCUSED ON
SPECIFIC NARRATIVE FOCUSED ON ADDRESSING THE ISSUE OF
ADDRESSING THE ISSUE OF IMIMPEACHMENT.
IMIMPEACHMENT. BOTH FOR THE BROADER PUBLIC AND
BOTH FOR THE BROADER PUBLIC AND FOR THE REST OF OUR ELECTED
FOR THE REST OF OUR ELECTED OFFICIALS TO MAKE A DECISION OF
OFFICIALS TO MAKE A DECISION OF WHAT THEY NODE TO DO IN TERMT OF
WHAT THEY NODE TO DO IN TERMT OF THE NEXT STEP.
THE NEXT STEP. IT INCLUDES EVERYTHING.
IT INCLUDES EVERYTHING. >> SO I UNDERSTAND IT THE
>> SO I UNDERSTAND IT THE NADNADEN LER CAR LIKE A BIG LOUD
NADNADEN LER CAR LIKE A BIG LOUD LAMBORGHINI AND THE MUELLER CAR
LAMBORGHINI AND THE MUELLER CAR WAS A MUCH QUIETER KIND OF A
WAS A MUCH QUIETER KIND OF A MAYBACK, SOMETHING YOU CAN
MAYBACK, SOMETHING YOU CAN BARELY HEAR AS IT GOES DOWN THE
BARELY HEAR AS IT GOES DOWN THE ROAD?
ROAD? >> I LIKE THAT ANALOGY.
>> I LIKE THAT ANALOGY. AND I LIKE TO THINK OF THIS CAR
AND I LIKE TO THINK OF THIS CAR AS THE BIGGER CAR AND WE SEE HOW
AS THE BIGGER CAR AND WE SEE HOW BIG IT IS, BECAUSE OF THE SCOPE
BIG IT IS, BECAUSE OF THE SCOPE AND THE AGGRESSIVE NATURE OF HOW
AND THE AGGRESSIVE NATURE OF HOW THAT CAR IS MOVING AND THE OTHER
THAT CAR IS MOVING AND THE OTHER CAR, WHICH CAN ALSO GET TO THAT
CAR, WHICH CAN ALSO GET TO THAT SAME GOAL ARE A LITTLE SMALLER,
SAME GOAL ARE A LITTLE SMALLER, MAYBE A LITTLE QUIETER, BECAUSE
MAYBE A LITTLE QUIETER, BECAUSE THEY DON’T ENCOMPASS ALL OF THE
THEY DON’T ENCOMPASS ALL OF THE THINGS WE ARE SEEING HERE WITH A
THINGS WE ARE SEEING HERE WITH A REAL FOCUS ON TRUMP ANOTHER
REAL FOCUS ON TRUMP ANOTHER PAST, PRESENT, AND HIS FUTURE IN
PAST, PRESENT, AND HIS FUTURE IN THE SCOPE.
THE SCOPE. THEY’RE TALKING ABOUT HIS
THEY’RE TALKING ABOUT HIS FOUNDATION, HIS CHARITIES, HIS
FOUNDATION, HIS CHARITIES, HIS FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS, HIS
FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS, HIS CAMPAIGN, HIS ELECTION.
CAMPAIGN, HIS ELECTION. >> IT’S SWEEPING, IT’S HUGE.
>> IT’S SWEEPING, IT’S HUGE. >> IT’S ALL IN THE POT.
>> IT’S ALL IN THE POT. >> ELEANOR, ARE YOU INTERESTED
>> ELEANOR, ARE YOU INTERESTED IF GETTING INVOLVED IN THE
IF GETTING INVOLVED IN THE AUTOMOBILE ANALOGIES?
AUTOMOBILE ANALOGIES? >> WELL, I’M THINKING OF A PRIUS
>> WELL, I’M THINKING OF A PRIUS AND A HUMMER.
AND A HUMMER. I’M NOT SURE WHICH VEHICLE I
I’M NOT SURE WHICH VEHICLE I ASSIGN TO EITHER SIDE.
ASSIGN TO EITHER SIDE. I THIS I THE DEMOCRATS HAVE
I THIS I THE DEMOCRATS HAVE KNOWN THEY WERE GOING TO BE IN A
KNOWN THEY WERE GOING TO BE IN A INVESTIGATORY BUSINESS FOR A
INVESTIGATORY BUSINESS FOR A LONG TIME, SINCE REALLY BEFORE
LONG TIME, SINCE REALLY BEFORE ELECTION DAY.
ELECTION DAY. AND THEY HAVE CAREFULLY PLANNED
AND THEY HAVE CAREFULLY PLANNED OUT A LOT AND WITH NANCY PELOSI
OUT A LOT AND WITH NANCY PELOSI AT THE HELM, SHE UNDERSTANDS THE
AT THE HELM, SHE UNDERSTANDS THE RISKS OF HEADING DOWN FOR
RISKS OF HEADING DOWN FOR IMPEACHMENT WHEN YOU DON’T HAVE
IMPEACHMENT WHEN YOU DON’T HAVE PUBLIC OPINION.
PUBLIC OPINION. AND IT IS NOT ROBERT MUELLER’S
AND IT IS NOT ROBERT MUELLER’S JOB IN HIS BIG HUMMER TO BRING
JOB IN HIS BIG HUMMER TO BRING ALONG THE MARINE PEOPLE.
ALONG THE MARINE PEOPLE. HE’S JUST -- HE’S DRIVING
HE’S JUST -- HE’S DRIVING TOWARDS A LEGAL CONCLUSION.
TOWARDS A LEGAL CONCLUSION. THE DEMOCRATS WITH THEIR
THE DEMOCRATS WITH THEIR SUSTAINABLE PRIUS, THEY’RE GOING
SUSTAINABLE PRIUS, THEY’RE GOING TO EDUCATE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
TO EDUCATE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND IF YOU DON’T BRING THE
AND IF YOU DON’T BRING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ALONG,
AMERICAN PEOPLE ALONG, IMPEACHMENT IS A FOOL’S ERRAND.
IMPEACHMENT IS A FOOL’S ERRAND. AND THE 81 PEOPLE THEY ARE
AND THE 81 PEOPLE THEY ARE SUBPOENAING, THE INVESTIGATIONS
SUBPOENAING, THE INVESTIGATIONS THEY’RE GOING TO CONDUCT, IT’S
THEY’RE GOING TO CONDUCT, IT’S GOING TO EDUCATE THE AMERICAN
GOING TO EDUCATE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. AND DURING WATERGATE, THERE WERE
AND DURING WATERGATE, THERE WERE 58 DEMOCRATS IN THE SENATE.
58 DEMOCRATS IN THE SENATE. NOW, RICHARD NIXON RESIGNED
NOW, RICHARD NIXON RESIGNED BEFORE HE WAS CONVICTED AND HE
BEFORE HE WAS CONVICTED AND HE WASN’T EVEN IMPEACHED.
WASN’T EVEN IMPEACHED. HE KNEW THE GAME WAS OVER.
HE KNEW THE GAME WAS OVER. THERE WERE 48 DEMOCRATS NOW AND
THERE WERE 48 DEMOCRATS NOW AND IF THE REPUBLICANS WANT TO HOLD
IF THE REPUBLICANS WANT TO HOLD THEIR RED WOOL, FINE.
THEIR RED WOOL, FINE. BUT LET’S SEE WHEN THE PUBLIC
BUT LET’S SEE WHEN THE PUBLIC BEGINS TO WEIGH IN.
BEGINS TO WEIGH IN. I THINK YOU KNOW WE HAVE BEEN
I THINK YOU KNOW WE HAVE BEEN TALKING TO OURSELVES THE LAST
TALKING TO OURSELVES THE LAST YEAR-AND-A-HALF AND I THINK THE
YEAR-AND-A-HALF AND I THINK THE PUBLIC OUT THERE REALLY, THEY
PUBLIC OUT THERE REALLY, THEY DON’T REALLY KNOW WHAT THIS IS
DON’T REALLY KNOW WHAT THIS IS ALL ABOUT AND WHY IT SHOULD
ALL ABOUT AND WHY IT SHOULD MATTER.
MATTER. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. >> THE PEOPLE ELECTED TRUMP
>> THE PEOPLE ELECTED TRUMP BECAUSE THEY WANTED HIM TO SORT
BECAUSE THEY WANTED HIM TO SORT OF SHAKE THINGS UP.
OF SHAKE THINGS UP. HE’S DONE THAT.
HE’S DONE THAT. SO LET THE EDUCATION BEGIN.
SO LET THE EDUCATION BEGIN. I THINK THAT’S WHERE WE’RE AT.
I THINK THAT’S WHERE WE’RE AT. >> SHELBY, MICHAEL COHEN WASN’T
>> SHELBY, MICHAEL COHEN WASN’T TALKING TO HIMSELF.
TALKING TO HIMSELF. A LOT OF PEOPLE SAW THAT.
A LOT OF PEOPLE SAW THAT. THEY KNOW HE RIDES WITH TRUMP.
THEY KNOW HE RIDES WITH TRUMP. JUST LOOKING AT ONE PERSON WHEN
JUST LOOKING AT ONE PERSON WHEN WE SAY 81, FOLKS COMING HOME
WE SAY 81, FOLKS COMING HOME THEIR MONDAY NIGHT ARE SEEING
THEIR MONDAY NIGHT ARE SEEING THIS IS A LOT.
THIS IS A LOT. BUT WHEN YOU DIG INTO THE
BUT WHEN YOU DIG INTO THE EXAMPLES, WE LOOKED AT THE JARED
EXAMPLES, WE LOOKED AT THE JARED KUSHNER EXAMPLE, SPECIFICALLY.
KUSHNER EXAMPLE, SPECIFICALLY. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> YOU HAVE DOCUMENTS HERE THAT
>> YOU HAVE DOCUMENTS HERE THAT THE DEMOCRATS WANT ON MICHAEL
THE DEMOCRATS WANT ON MICHAEL FLIRNGS ON THE FIRING OF COMEY,
FLIRNGS ON THE FIRING OF COMEY, ON JEFF SESSION’S RECUSAL.
ON JEFF SESSION’S RECUSAL. ON THE ATTEMPT TO FIRE MUELLER.
ON THE ATTEMPT TO FIRE MUELLER. IF JARED KUSHNER WAS IN AN
IF JARED KUSHNER WAS IN AN ACTIVE PLOT TO DO THAT, THAT
ACTIVE PLOT TO DO THAT, THAT LOOKS LIKE OBSTRUCTION.
LOOKS LIKE OBSTRUCTION. THE POTENTIAL ABUSE OF THE
THE POTENTIAL ABUSE OF THE PARDON POWER, SDNY, FINANCING,
PARDON POWER, SDNY, FINANCING, WE KNOW JARED KUSHNER HAD SOME
WE KNOW JARED KUSHNER HAD SOME ISSUES AROUND SECURITY
ISSUES AROUND SECURITY CLEARANCE, WikILEAKS, PUTIN,
CLEARANCE, WikILEAKS, PUTIN, QATAR, SAUDI ARABIA, THAT’S JUST
QATAR, SAUDI ARABIA, THAT’S JUST ON KUSHNER.
ON KUSHNER. >> I THINK THE FAMILY THEN WHAT
>> I THINK THE FAMILY THEN WHAT I WOULD CALL THE GAESTKEEPERS OF
I WOULD CALL THE GAESTKEEPERS OF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION COULD BE
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION COULD BE THE MOST DANGEROUS FOR TRUMP.
THE MOST DANGEROUS FOR TRUMP. THEY’VE KNOWN TRUMP IN SO MANY
THEY’VE KNOWN TRUMP IN SO MANY DIFFERENT CAPACITIES, JARED
DIFFERENT CAPACITIES, JARED KUSHNER IS A GREAT EXAMPLE, FOR
KUSHNER IS A GREAT EXAMPLE, FOR THE REASONS YOU LISTED.
THE REASONS YOU LISTED. HIS ASSISTANT, RONA GRAFT, THE
HIS ASSISTANT, RONA GRAFT, THE GATEKEEPER OF INFORMATION,
GATEKEEPER OF INFORMATION, PEOPLE WHO WANTED TO TALK TO
PEOPLE WHO WANTED TO TALK TO PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. SHE WAS IN TOUCH WITH THE
SHE WAS IN TOUCH WITH THE RUSSIAN FAMILY THAT HELPED SET
RUSSIAN FAMILY THAT HELPED SET UP THE TOUCH TOWER NEW YORK
UP THE TOUCH TOWER NEW YORK MEETING, HOPE HICKS WAS ON THE
MEETING, HOPE HICKS WAS ON THE AIRPLANE WHEN PRESIDENT TRUMP
AIRPLANE WHEN PRESIDENT TRUMP DICTATED THE RESPONSE TO THAT
DICTATED THE RESPONSE TO THAT TRUMP TOWER MEETING.
TRUMP TOWER MEETING. >> TO YOUR POINT, RONA, HOPE,
>> TO YOUR POINT, RONA, HOPE, THEY ARE TRUMP’S VERSION OF THE
THEY ARE TRUMP’S VERSION OF THE E-MAILS.
E-MAILS. BECAUSE HE DOESN’T E-MAIL.
BECAUSE HE DOESN’T E-MAIL. HE DOESN’T TEXT.
HE DOESN’T TEXT. THESE ARE PEOPLE WHO STAND
THESE ARE PEOPLE WHO STAND AROUND HIM AND ARE THE CLOSEST
AROUND HIM AND ARE THE CLOSEST THING TO, IF THEY KEEP NOTES OR
THING TO, IF THEY KEEP NOTES OR YOU CAN TRACK, THEY SAY THE
YOU CAN TRACK, THEY SAY THE PRESIDENT OR THE CANDIDATE WANTS
PRESIDENT OR THE CANDIDATE WANTS TO TALK TO SOMEONE, THEY WRITE
TO TALK TO SOMEONE, THEY WRITE IT DOWN, THOSE THOSE NOTES ARE
IT DOWN, THOSE THOSE NOTES ARE THE CLOSEST TO TRUMP E-MAIL.
THE CLOSEST TO TRUMP E-MAIL. THERE IS NO E-MAIL.
THERE IS NO E-MAIL. >> THAT’S A GREAT POINT.
>> THAT’S A GREAT POINT. KEITH SCHILLER HIS BODY GUARD HE
KEITH SCHILLER HIS BODY GUARD HE TRAVELED WITH EXECUTIVE TRUMP TO
TRAVELED WITH EXECUTIVE TRUMP TO RMPBLT HE’S FAMILIAR WITH THE
RMPBLT HE’S FAMILIAR WITH THE HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS AND THE
HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS AND THE WOMEN TRUMP WAS SURROUNDED BY.
WOMEN TRUMP WAS SURROUNDED BY. THERE ARE A LOT OF THOSE
THERE ARE A LOT OF THOSE QUOTE/UNQUOTE GATE KEEPERS
QUOTE/UNQUOTE GATE KEEPERS AROUND PRESIDENT TRUMP THAT
AROUND PRESIDENT TRUMP THAT AREN’T AFFILIATEING WITH HIS
AREN’T AFFILIATEING WITH HIS CAMPAIGN AND COULD BE DAMAGING
CAMPAIGN AND COULD BE DAMAGING TO HIM.
TO HIM. >> YOU MENTIONED ELEANOR A
>> YOU MENTIONED ELEANOR A FORMER TRUMP EXECUTIVE THAT
FORMER TRUMP EXECUTIVE THAT WORKED WITH THESE PEOPLE
WORKED WITH THESE PEOPLE DISCUSSED SOME OF THAT ON "THE
DISCUSSED SOME OF THAT ON "THE BEAT" ON FRIDAY.
BEAT" ON FRIDAY. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> DO YOU THINK THAT THERE ARE
>> DO YOU THINK THAT THERE ARE OTHER HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS THAT
OTHER HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS THAT HE MAY KNOW ABOUT?
HE MAY KNOW ABOUT? >> YES.
>> YES. LOTS.
LOTS. >> MORE THAN GIVE?
>> MORE THAN GIVE? >> PROBABLY.
>> PROBABLY. >> MORE THAN TEN?
>> MORE THAN TEN? >> I CAN’T SAY.
>> I CAN’T SAY. >> BUT THAT STRIKES YOU AS --
>> BUT THAT STRIKES YOU AS -- >> INDISTINCTSTINCTINSTINCTIVE.
>> INDISTINCTSTINCTINSTINCTIVE. TRUMP WOULD DRAW OUT THE CHECK.
TRUMP WOULD DRAW OUT THE CHECK. PROBABLY TRUMP WOULD SIGN IT,
PROBABLY TRUMP WOULD SIGN IT, HIMSELF.
HIMSELF. >> IN THE ORDER OF PRIORITIES,
>> IN THE ORDER OF PRIORITIES, HOW SIT FOR DEMOCRATS TO DIG
HOW SIT FOR DEMOCRATS TO DIG INTO STUFF LIKE THAT VERSUS
INTO STUFF LIKE THAT VERSUS THINGS POST-NOVEMBER 2016 THAT
THINGS POST-NOVEMBER 2016 THAT RELATE TO THE WAY HE’S RUNNING
RELATE TO THE WAY HE’S RUNNING THE GOVERNMENT.
THE GOVERNMENT. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. I THINK THERE IS A DEBATE ABOUT
I THINK THERE IS A DEBATE ABOUT WHETHER YOU GO AFTER A PRESIDENT
WHETHER YOU GO AFTER A PRESIDENT FOR ALLEGED CRIMES COMMITTED
FOR ALLEGED CRIMES COMMITTED BEFORE HE BECAME PRESIDENT.
BEFORE HE BECAME PRESIDENT. I THINK WHAT HE’S DIDN’T SINCE
I THINK WHAT HE’S DIDN’T SINCE HE BECAME PRESIDENT SHOULD BE OF
HE BECAME PRESIDENT SHOULD BE OF A GREATER PRIORITY.
A GREATER PRIORITY. ALSO, YOU CAN PUT UNDER A
ALSO, YOU CAN PUT UNDER A HEADING OF DOES THE PUBLIC
HEADING OF DOES THE PUBLIC REALLY CARE ABOUT HUSH MONEY?
REALLY CARE ABOUT HUSH MONEY? OKAY.
OKAY. THERE ARE ILLEGALITIES THERE,
THERE ARE ILLEGALITIES THERE, BUT WE KNOW WHAT TRUMP’S
BUT WE KNOW WHAT TRUMP’S CHARACTER IS.
CHARACTER IS. WE KNOW HE’S BEEN WITH OTHER
WE KNOW HE’S BEEN WITH OTHER WOMEN.
WOMEN. WE HEARD MICHAEL COHEN I THINK
WE HEARD MICHAEL COHEN I THINK SAY VERY CONVINCINGLY,
SAY VERY CONVINCINGLY, APOLOGIZING TO THE FIRST LADY,
APOLOGIZING TO THE FIRST LADY, YOU KNOW, FOR LYING TO HER.
YOU KNOW, FOR LYING TO HER. SO I THINK THAT’S SALACIOUS, BUT
SO I THINK THAT’S SALACIOUS, BUT I THINK THAT’S NOT AS IMPORTANT
I THINK THAT’S NOT AS IMPORTANT AS THE WAY HE HAS TRIED ON
AS THE WAY HE HAS TRIED ON GOVERNMENT RULES, THE WAY HE HAS
GOVERNMENT RULES, THE WAY HE HAS PROFITED FROM THE PRESIDENCY
PROFITED FROM THE PRESIDENCY SINCE HE’S TAKEN POSSESSION OF
SINCE HE’S TAKEN POSSESSION OF THE OVAL OFFICE.
THE OVAL OFFICE. AND IT ALMOST FEELS THAT WAY.
AND IT ALMOST FEELS THAT WAY. HE’S TRYING TO RUN THE COUNTRY
HE’S TRYING TO RUN THE COUNTRY LIKE HE DID THE TRUMP
LIKE HE DID THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION WITH ALL THE SAME
ORGANIZATION WITH ALL THE SAME ILLEGALITIES.
ILLEGALITIES. I’M ANXIOUS TO HEAR FROM THE CEO
I’M ANXIOUS TO HEAR FROM THE CEO OF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND HE
OF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND HE HAS IMMUNITY TO CERTAIN EXTENT.
HAS IMMUNITY TO CERTAIN EXTENT. BUT I THINK ALL THESE FIGURES
BUT I THINK ALL THESE FIGURES ARE GOING TO TAKE ON LIVES OF
ARE GOING TO TAKE ON LIVES OF THEIR OWN AS THEY PARADE BEFORE
THEIR OWN AS THEY PARADE BEFORE CONGRESS AND THAT, WITH AGAIN,
CONGRESS AND THAT, WITH AGAIN, IRAN CONTRA, THERE WAS ACTUALLY
IRAN CONTRA, THERE WAS ACTUALLY A HANDBOOK WAS ISSUED SO YOU
A HANDBOOK WAS ISSUED SO YOU COULD KEEP TRACK OF ALL THE
COULD KEEP TRACK OF ALL THE PLAYERS, THERE WAS FAWN HALL,
PLAYERS, THERE WAS FAWN HALL, OLIVER NORTH.
OLIVER NORTH. I THINK THESE PEOPLE WILL BECOME
I THINK THESE PEOPLE WILL BECOME THREE DIMENSIONAL CHARACTERS IN
THREE DIMENSIONAL CHARACTERS IN THE LIVES OF THE AMERICAN
THE LIVES OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. >> ABOUT THE JUDGMENT THAT WENT
>> ABOUT THE JUDGMENT THAT WENT INTO THE POWERS THAT THEY WERE
INTO THE POWERS THAT THEY WERE GIVEN.
GIVEN. I WILL TURN TO RICHARD PAINTER.
I WILL TURN TO RICHARD PAINTER. SO I WILL THANK THE ENTIRE
SO I WILL THANK THE ENTIRE PANEL, SHELBY PAUL AND AS
PANEL, SHELBY PAUL AND AS WELLEANOR.
WELLEANOR. THANKS.
THANKS. I APPRECIATE IT.
I APPRECIATE IT. >>> THE OTHER CHAIRS DEMANDING
>>> THE OTHER CHAIRS DEMANDING THE WHITE HOUSE GIVE UP MORE
THE WHITE HOUSE GIVE UP MORE INFORMATION ON THE INARDS, THE
INFORMATION ON THE INARDS, THE SECRET DETAILS OF WHAT DONALD
SECRET DETAILS OF WHAT DONALD TRUMP HAS BEEN DISCUSSING WITH
TRUMP HAS BEEN DISCUSSING WITH PUTIN.
PUTIN. INCLUDING, OF COURSE, THESE
INCLUDING, OF COURSE, THESE TRANSLATORS.
TRANSLATORS. SOMETIMES THE ONLY OTHER
SOMETIMES THE ONLY OTHER AMERICAN PERSON IN THE ROOM.
AMERICAN PERSON IN THE ROOM. SO FOR THE LEGALITIES OF THIS I
SO FOR THE LEGALITIES OF THIS I WANT TO BRING IN THE CHIEF
WANT TO BRING IN THE CHIEF ETHICS LAWYER IN THE GEORGE BUSH
ETHICS LAWYER IN THE GEORGE BUSH WHITE HOUSE.
WHITE HOUSE. >> GOOD EVENING.
>> GOOD EVENING. >> LET’S GET INTO THIS, NOT THE
>> LET’S GET INTO THIS, NOT THE WIDER 81 PEOPLE.
WIDER 81 PEOPLE. BUT SOMETHING THAT GOES TO THE
BUT SOMETHING THAT GOES TO THE WAY AMERICA NATIONAL SECURITY IS
WAY AMERICA NATIONAL SECURITY IS BEING CONDUCTED.
BEING CONDUCTED. WHAT DOES IT MEAN THAT DONALD
WHAT DOES IT MEAN THAT DONALD TRUMP MADE THE OPINION TO HAVE
TRUMP MADE THE OPINION TO HAVE SO FEW, SOMETIMES ONLY ONE
SO FEW, SOMETIMES ONLY ONE PERSON IN THAT ROOM, AND IS THIS
PERSON IN THAT ROOM, AND IS THIS THE RIGHT PER VIEW OF CONGRESS
THE RIGHT PER VIEW OF CONGRESS OR WHEN YOU WERE IN THE WHITE
OR WHEN YOU WERE IN THE WHITE HOUSE, WOULD YOU HAVE ARGUED
HOUSE, WOULD YOU HAVE ARGUED AGAINST IT AS A LAWYER, SAYING
AGAINST IT AS A LAWYER, SAYING THIS IS PRESIDENTIAL
THIS IS PRESIDENTIAL PREROGATIVE, YOU DON’T GET THAT
PREROGATIVE, YOU DON’T GET THAT KIND OF STUFF?
KIND OF STUFF? >> I WOULD HAVE ARGUED AGAINST
>> I WOULD HAVE ARGUED AGAINST THE PRESIDENT HAVING ONE-ON-ONE
THE PRESIDENT HAVING ONE-ON-ONE CONVERSATIONS WITH VLADIMIR
CONVERSATIONS WITH VLADIMIR PUTIN WITHOUT ANYONE IN THE
PUTIN WITHOUT ANYONE IN THE ROOM.
ROOM. THAT’S WHAT I WOULD HAVE ARGUED
THAT’S WHAT I WOULD HAVE ARGUED AGAINST.
AGAINST. IT’S ABSOLUTELY ABSURD.
IT’S ABSOLUTELY ABSURD. JUST TO HAVE A TRANSLATOR THERE,
JUST TO HAVE A TRANSLATOR THERE, WITHOUT ANYBODY ELSE, WITHOUT
WITHOUT ANYBODY ELSE, WITHOUT ANY OF THE NATIONAL SECURITY
ANY OF THE NATIONAL SECURITY PERSONNEL, THAT’S A VERY, VERY
PERSONNEL, THAT’S A VERY, VERY UNWISE MOVE ON BEHALF OF THE
UNWISE MOVE ON BEHALF OF THE PRESIDENT AND CONGRESS CERTAINLY
PRESIDENT AND CONGRESS CERTAINLY SHOULD INVESTIGATE.
SHOULD INVESTIGATE. PARTICULARLY WHEN WE HAVE ALL OF
PARTICULARLY WHEN WE HAVE ALL OF THE OTHER CONTACTS WITH RUSSIA,
THE OTHER CONTACTS WITH RUSSIA, THE FACT THAT MULTIPLE MEMBERS
THE FACT THAT MULTIPLE MEMBERS OF THIS ADMINISTRATION HAVE LIED
OF THIS ADMINISTRATION HAVE LIED ABOUT THEIR MEETINGS WITH THE
ABOUT THEIR MEETINGS WITH THE RUSSIANS.
RUSSIANS. THE FACT THAT DONALD TRUMP,
THE FACT THAT DONALD TRUMP, HIMSELF, SOUGHT INVESTMENT
HIMSELF, SOUGHT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES IN RUSSIA.
OPPORTUNITIES IN RUSSIA. THE FACT THAT THE RUSSIANS
THE FACT THAT THE RUSSIANS WEREN’T INVITED TO HACK HILLARY
WEREN’T INVITED TO HACK HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAIL BY DONALD
CLINTON’S E-MAIL BY DONALD TRUMP, DID DO SO.
TRUMP, DID DO SO. THE CONTACTS BETWEEN ROGER STONE
THE CONTACTS BETWEEN ROGER STONE AND WikILEAKS.
AND WikILEAKS. THE LIST GOES ON AND ON.
THE LIST GOES ON AND ON. YOU WANT TO PUT ALL THAT
YOU WANT TO PUT ALL THAT TOGETHER.
TOGETHER. >> YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT, IT
>> YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT, IT SOUNDS MORE AND MORE
SOUNDS MORE AND MORE INTERESTING.
INTERESTING. IF YOU WERE ADVISING THAT HOUSE
IF YOU WERE ADVISING THAT HOUSE PANEL, WOULD YOU SAY, YEAH, GET
PANEL, WOULD YOU SAY, YEAH, GET THIS TRANSLATOR INTO CLOSED
THIS TRANSLATOR INTO CLOSED SESSION.
SESSION. DON’T LET IT BECOME NECESSARILY
DON’T LET IT BECOME NECESSARILY A PUBLIC SPECTACLE, BUT ASK, DID
A PUBLIC SPECTACLE, BUT ASK, DID THE PRESIDENT AND PUTIN WHAT,
THE PRESIDENT AND PUTIN WHAT, DID THEY TALK ABOUT A JOINT
DID THEY TALK ABOUT A JOINT DEFENSE AGREEMENT?
DEFENSE AGREEMENT? DID THEY TALK ABOUT LEAKS?
DID THEY TALK ABOUT LEAKS? CLINTON?
CLINTON? THAT KIND OF STUFF?
THAT KIND OF STUFF? >> EVERYTHING.
>> EVERYTHING. I’D GET THAT TRANSLATOR INTO A
I’D GET THAT TRANSLATOR INTO A CLOSED-DOOR SESSION WITH THE
CLOSED-DOOR SESSION WITH THE COMMITTEE AND GO THROUGH
COMMITTEE AND GO THROUGH EVERYTHING IN THOSE
EVERYTHING IN THOSE CONVERSATIONS BETWEEN OUR
CONVERSATIONS BETWEEN OUR PRESIDENT AND VLADIMIR PUTIN.
PRESIDENT AND VLADIMIR PUTIN. THIS IS A VERY DANGEROUS
THIS IS A VERY DANGEROUS SITUATION.
SITUATION. WE DON’T HAVE CONCLUSIVE PROOF
WE DON’T HAVE CONCLUSIVE PROOF THAT THE PRESIDENT IS A RUSSIAN
THAT THE PRESIDENT IS A RUSSIAN MISSOURI BUT HE’S CERTAINLY
MISSOURI BUT HE’S CERTAINLY ACTING LIKE IT.
ACTING LIKE IT. AND THE CONGRESS NEEDS TO
AND THE CONGRESS NEEDS TO INVESTIGATE AND FIND OUT EXACTLY
INVESTIGATE AND FIND OUT EXACTLY WHAT WAS SAID TO VLADIMIR PUTIN
WHAT WAS SAID TO VLADIMIR PUTIN AND LOOK AT THE REST OF THIS
AND LOOK AT THE REST OF THIS RUSSIA CONNECTION.
RUSSIA CONNECTION. REMEMBER, ROBERT MUELLER IS ONLY
REMEMBER, ROBERT MUELLER IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALLEGED CRIMINAL
RESPONSIBLE FOR ALLEGED CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES IN CONNECTION WITH
ACTIVITIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION. THERE’S A LOT MORE GOING ON HERE
THERE’S A LOT MORE GOING ON HERE THAT CAN BE VERY, VERY DANGEROUS
THAT CAN BE VERY, VERY DANGEROUS FOR OUR NATIONAL SECURITY AND
FOR OUR NATIONAL SECURITY AND THIS PRESIDENT’S RELATIONSHIP
THIS PRESIDENT’S RELATIONSHIP WITH VLADIMIR PUTIN IS VERY
WITH VLADIMIR PUTIN IS VERY STRANGE, INDEED.
STRANGE, INDEED. >> WELL, YOU JUST PUT YOUR
>> WELL, YOU JUST PUT YOUR FINGER ON IT.
FINGER ON IT. A LOT OF THIS GETS NARROWED TO
A LOT OF THIS GETS NARROWED TO WHAT’S A FELONY?
WHAT’S A FELONY? AND AT THE END OF THE DAY, IF
AND AT THE END OF THE DAY, IF ANY PRESIDENT, NOT JUST THIS
ANY PRESIDENT, NOT JUST THIS PRESIDENT, HAD AN EXPOSURE, FOR
PRESIDENT, HAD AN EXPOSURE, FOR EXAMPLE, THEY WERE COORDINATING
EXAMPLE, THEY WERE COORDINATING MESSAGES AGAINST OUR OWN CIA
MESSAGES AGAINST OUR OWN CIA WITH A FOREIGN LEADER, THAT
WITH A FOREIGN LEADER, THAT MIGHT NOT TECHNICALLY BE A
MIGHT NOT TECHNICALLY BE A FELONY, BUT IT CERTAINLY WOULD
FELONY, BUT IT CERTAINLY WOULD BE SOMETHING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
BE SOMETHING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND CONGRESS WOULD WANT TO KNOW